Hello welcome back to the course on party.
Today we're going to start creating our business intelligence report and the way we're going to create
it is throughout this section in every tutorial we're going to create a new element whether it's a map
or a pie chart or a bar chart or a tree map and so on and so we'll just create those one by one and
at the end we'll put them together.
And today I'll start off by creating our a map and also want to mention right away just to manage expectations
that if you've taken my course on Tablo then the end result in this section won't be as interactive
as the version in Talland that and that is just due to some limitations of the power tool but nevertheless
it will be an interactive business intelligence report and it will convey some very useful information.
So it is definitely a worthwhile exercise.
Putting it together and learning how to do all these things.
All right so let's get started.
Let's create our map.
The first thing we're going to need to do is we're going to take region and drag it on to our canvas
and then we're going to select a field map over here.
So there is our field map as you see region has moved into legend.
Now we're going to take region and also put it in a location.
Now as you can see as well nothing is happening.
Our map is not recognizing this data as Geographic.
So how can we fix that.
Well what we can do is we can go to modeling and here in our for this variable for this cold region
what we need to select is under a different data category we're going to click this drop down and we're
going to actually tell it that this is a state or province and right away as you can see our map has
been created.
So now we're going to zoom up zoom out a little bit and then we'll just go to the format map controls
and I'll to zoom off.
So just keep that off so that when we do use this map inside a or b I report it just stays at this zoom
in and doesn't zoom out or zoom in.
So that's pretty much it.
That's how we create this map.
But then in addition to a map we'd like to also see the number of people that are present in each location.
So we're going to we cannot add that right on the map.
In this version of Part VI maybe in the future there will be a resolves but for now what we're going
to do is we're just going to create a indicator here so we just get a card.
They're called cards which is going to click on the whitespace.
So like card I would put it above where now.
And here we going to.
So a customer id put it in there and why we select customer ID is because that's the easiest way to
count the number of customers that we have because each customer is a role.
And if you go into here you'll see that fields the way it's aggregated is through count.
So it's actually counting number of customers we have 4000 and 14 customers total.
So now I'm going to let the page for this card I'm going to remove the title of this one the label.
There goes so four thousand fourteen and maybe increase the size to the maximum like that.
So now whenever I select a region I can tell right away how many people how many customers we have in
each one of those regions.
So for example in England we have two thousand one hundred and fifty nine whereas in Scotland we have
1000 124 customers.
All right.
So that's our very first step in this position.
We're just going to rename this to map and then we're going to save this as well and we'll call it Section
5.
So wonderful.
Right so that was our first step.
And in the next tutorial we're going to create.
And then next chart for our final results.
I look towards you there and until next I'm happy analyzing.